c:\users\karolina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PWIProj\PWIProj\bin\PWIProj.dll.config
c:\users\karolina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PWIProj\PWIProj\bin\PWIProj.dll
c:\users\karolina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PWIProj\PWIProj\bin\PWIProj.pdb
c:\users\karolina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PWIProj\PWIProj\bin\pl-PL\PWIProj.resources.dll
c:\users\karolina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PWIProj\PWIProj\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\karolina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PWIProj\PWIProj\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\karolina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PWIProj\PWIProj\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\karolina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PWIProj\PWIProj\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\karolina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PWIProj\PWIProj\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\karolina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PWIProj\PWIProj\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\karolina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PWIProj\PWIProj\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\karolina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PWIProj\PWIProj\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\karolina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PWIProj\PWIProj\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\karolina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PWIProj\PWIProj\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\karolina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PWIProj\PWIProj\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\karolina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PWIProj\PWIProj\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\karolina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PWIProj\PWIProj\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\karolina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PWIProj\PWIProj\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\karolina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PWIProj\PWIProj\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\karolina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PWIProj\PWIProj\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\karolina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PWIProj\PWIProj\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\karolina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PWIProj\PWIProj\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\karolina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PWIProj\PWIProj\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\karolina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PWIProj\PWIProj\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\karolina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PWIProj\PWIProj\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\karolina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PWIProj\PWIProj\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\karolina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PWIProj\PWIProj\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\karolina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PWIProj\PWIProj\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\karolina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PWIProj\PWIProj\obj\Debug\PWIProj.Resources.Strings.resources
c:\users\karolina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PWIProj\PWIProj\obj\Debug\PWIProj.Resources.Strings.pl-PL.resources
c:\users\karolina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PWIProj\PWIProj\obj\Debug\PWIProj.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\karolina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PWIProj\PWIProj\obj\Debug\pl-PL\PWIProj.resources.dll
c:\users\karolina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PWIProj\PWIProj\obj\Debug\PWIProj.dll
c:\users\karolina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PWIProj\PWIProj\obj\Debug\PWIProj.pdb
C:\Users\Karolina\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PWIProj\PWIProj\obj\Debug\PWIProj.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
